#B01920    deep brown
#FCD037   yellow
#B37E60  light brown


................................................................

Favour Titilope Ademiluyi, AICMC is a 400 level Law Student of Olabisi Onabanjo University (OOU), Ago-Iwoye, Ogun State, as well as an Associate Member of the Institute of Chartered Mediators and Conciliators. She is currently the General Secretary, Law Students' Society, OOU, while also serving as the Information Technologist, Legal Magnates and Company and the Financial Secretary and Treasurer, Infinity Foundation, OOU. She has a passion for promoting  justice and making landmark impacts. To this end, she is committed to maximizing her various internship placements to combine meticulous research and creative problem-solving to produce successful legal outcomes for clients.

Favour is skilled at rhetoric and public speaking


....................................................

Bello Sandra Ibukunoluwa is a 300 level Law Student of Olabisi Onabanjo University,Ago iwoye,Ogun State.She currently fills the position of the Public Relations Officer ,Law Students’ Society,OOU. Passionate about social welfare,justice ,and a wide range of things unrelated to law.
She aims to acquire massive knowledge in land law, property law and real estate law , hoping to becoming one of the best lawyers relating to this aspects of law in the world .

Bello Sandra gets herself involved in extracurricular and entrepreneurial activities. A fashion designer ,and a female percussionist(talking drummer).Bello Sandra is a blogger and podcaster ,the blog named“Writings of the Mind “ ,also hosts the podcast “Deep Dive” .

A poet , having one of her literatures on RAPE AND VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN published in an electronic anthology , hopes to publish her collection of poem.
She devotes herself to acquiring more knowledge each day as knowledge is never a waste.
Her favorite quote  “ it does not matter where we come from or what we look like , if we recognize our abilities,are willing to learn and use what we know in helping others ,we will always have a place in the world , by Ben Carson drives her.


...............................


Ekundayo Oluwatimilehin Temiloluwa is a 400 level Law Student of Olabisi Onabanjo University (OOU), Ago- Iwoye, Ogun State.
She is A Certified Copywriter who has a BSC (Bachelor Of COPYWRITING) from the College of Copywriting & a Sales Consultant.
She works at DFlourshing Kids as a Content Writer, at ARA CONNECT Digital Services as a Content Creator. She Interns at Ateco & Associates in Lagos State.
She also Tutors at Marion Academy.

She is Currently the Financial Secretary, Law Student's Society, OOU, while also serving as the Assistant General Secretary, Infinity Foundation OOU, and is One of the School's Chapel fellowship Leader of over 200 Members.

She has a Die hard passion for Teaching, Encouraging & Mentoring People which spurred her to establish Platforms that mentor and Encourage daily over 120 people in General.

Timilehin, better known as Teemee is skilled in Writing, as stated earlier and is also a motivational speaker whose focus Is on fufilling Purpose; the reason for your Creation.

In sustaining academic pursuit, her feat cannot be overrated. She had a Virtual internship with LegisNation,Mumbai.
- A Certificate of Professional Development on Commercial Mediation; Mediator Academy

-Certificate of Completion; Basic of Patent & Patent Search on Intellectual property.

Her Love for Intellectual property Law is a force that reckons her to work more.

Ekundayo Oluwatimilehin has a go passion for seeing people become a better version of themselves thus, fufilling their God Ordained Purpose.

Teemee as a Copywriter has written numerous articles on various subjects ranging from DREAM AGAIN, PAIN IS THE PROCESS just to mention a few.
She also looks forwards to writing a book which she is sure will bless lives.


Her Philosophy of life is; Legacy is not about how much money you leave behind, but how many people lives you impact.

Her best quote is "Stay with God because He sees it all & Your Pain is your Process."


.................................

Hammed Monsurat Bolade is a 200 level Law student of Olabisi Onabanjo University(OOU), Ago Iwoye.
She's currently the assistant general secretary of the Law Students' Society,OOU.
Abolade is so passionate about law and being a media personality too. She's a member of few societies(The Infinity Foundation and Campus Mirror) and also a student ambassador within the OOULSS which means I have several opportunities to meet and work with other students.
She believes in better representation as she understands the importance of listening to students opinions. 
Abolade intends to build up herself career wise and she tends to task herself to do more in the legal profession.
She has written articles about politics that she looks forward to publish.
She believes in the philosophy of life that the greatest glory in living lies not inn never falling, but in rising anytime we fall.


..........................................

Bamgbose Towobola Adijat is a 300 level law student of Olabisi Onabanjo University Agoiwoye, Ogun State. 
She is a Feminist, environmental advocate, writer, entrepreneur, make up artist, dress maker, and co- founder of FEMINIST MANIFESTO.

She is currently the Treasurer of the Olabisi Onabanjo Law Student society. 
She is very passionate about women’s rights, she advocates for an equal society for both genders. Her passion has driven her to co- start an Online community FEMINIST MANIFESTO which teaches and mentors women of their rights and promotes equality.

As a writer in fusion of being a feminist she has written poems such as Breaking the glass, When will she be allowed to spread her wings, etc which preaches against several stereotypes that limits women and is currently working on an essay.
She has passion for the environment and advocates for the protection of the climate and the earth. 
Her keen passion and interest in protection of the environment  has prompted her to attain knowledge in Environmental law.

Bamgbose Towobola is a business savvy and a person who believes so much in accountability.
This has driven her to take up courses in Book keeping, Economics and commerce.
She is the sole proprietor of a retail fashion brand, BAMBII and  a makeup brand AESTHETICS by BAMBII 
She is a promising dress maker and fashion designer of the brand, The DressMaker.
She is presently working on her makeup production brand.

She is very much interested investments, crypto and futuristic ideas.
Her philosophy in life aligns with a Warren Buffett quote “ someone is sitting in a shade today because someone planted the tree”
Be the change.


.................................

Ibrahim Sofolahan Afeez is a 300level law student of the Olabisi Onabanjo University (OOU). He's currently serving as the OOULSS and Namlas OOU Sports director.

He has a strong passion for sports related things and he's keen on pursuing this dream with the involvement of all students in sports.
 
He is interested in corporate law, property, divorce, dispute resolution, criminal defense and sports law.

He is a master mind when it comes to sports related issues with some impact. He once served under the Ijebu Sport Committee as a member, he once served under the sports director during his Secondary school days. He was awarded the best student referee during his secondary school days.

He is keen and hoping on authoring a book on sports law.

Afeez's philosophy of life still remains: No Pain No Gain. 🌚


......................................

Sodeke Moyinoluwa Enoch is a 400level Law Student of Olabisi Onabanjo University, (OOU), Ago-Iwoye, Ogun State. 
He is currently the Social Secretary, Law Student Society, OOU as well as a very much active member of the Inner Temple Law Student Society.

Moyinoluwa is enthusiastic about the Corporate and Criminal aspects of Law and this is borne out of his innate desire to have a stable society where equity and justice is held in high esteem.

In pursuance of this, he has interned at couple Law firms including the highly reputable firm; Kayode Aderemi &Co of which he is presently an intern. He is as well a mentee of Sola Sogbetun under the reputable SDC African Mentorship.

Moyinoluwa's inept ability to multitask and adapt to various working environment is portrayed in his engagement under different roles as committee member of different portfolios at the same time under the law academic session, 2019/2020.

Notwithstanding the various law and academic related activities he's involved in, he is an active sportsman as he is a key football player of a LSS team and played an active role in the team's subsequent success in the Dean's Cup 2018/2019 and Dean's Cup, 2019/2020

Moyinoluwa is even more passionate about the evolution of Law in the modern society which rationalizes his interest in Alternative Dispute Resolution; of which he was issued a certificate for participating in the 'Commercial Mediation for the 21st Century Lawyer' organised by the reputable United Kingdom based law company, Bright Network.

..............................................

Olanrewaju-Ashafa Inioluwa, a 500level law student of the Olabisi Onabanjo ,(OOU), Ago-Iwoye, Ogun State.

 She's currently the welfare secretary of the Law Student Society OOU .
She is very passionate about the welfare of people most especially children and youth .
Inioluwa is a child's right activist , entrepreneur and a person who has immensed interest in agriculture .
Her philosophy in life is Happiness is all that matters


..................
